hello to all we find ourselves live
of the racecourse of deauville on paris
turf tv to evoke the quinté and 500
which will be played here on Saturday for
your show received five out of five
with me françois charles with truffles
which will immediately inform you
his selection hello françois
you hated seeing eight horses
and before all else you and us
to evoke a little bit the course of these
1900 meters psf
yes then it is a pact against which
it's better to be quickly in the
head group
we saw it with the first
quinté of the meeting that of thursday
the best-placed crook of entry the
straight line still pulled their
pin of the game so not wait too much
far enough okay so they'll be
sixteen at the start you have to detach from
so yes our favorites and the number 17
gentlemen I think it's the base that
behind the nine
Mind said not set léonce Leucate
glorioso the 13 law flights
the eleven lower east side if the 15
princely and the eight for maric and so
among these so-called prices still did this
number 10 of such a manna that you
seems inevitable
in fact the races I think is coming
very open with a lot of points
of questioning but we may have a
good point of support in this event
17 with that number which the gentlemen
doors of a screen in top form
Jean-Marie Béguigné cse is worth
currently make it boom of any wood
and he won the other day at chantilly
pretty well the trio emile
Perez management is not rigged been very
severe what for a horse on the
rising
according to his trainer we read in
Joint pages in the pages
coaching pressure coach
he works very very well on the sand
so no seven levels there so that's
a serious base but when they
elected officials who made you choose magna said
not in second position is good
because she will find her way back
of predilection last year she had
been twice on this route
precisely and especially in a quinté
so it's true that its beginning of the season
was way to put it mildly
but we can trust him
maybe for his return on his
favorite course the hull will be
really interesting
okay behind it's an outsider a
a little bit seductive you chose the
number seven shades that is the other day
fourth of a quinté on the track of the
Jockey Club Chantilly runs very well
it's a horse that had already won and
on the course that interests us on
the psf of deauville with some brio
on horseback who has very early who still has to
for
and which is one of the very good
chances to pursue it to you have
talked about open test and number 13
law balls will not be the horse of
everyone is the year of decoration
interrogations this test it is
really well placed at the corner
but he's worried about a pond at the
good at his coach arises from
questions with him then he goes to him
put blinders for the first
times this may trigger a
wake up yes by the way he discovers a
little sand is there too that's another
question mark but I like
the cabbage a little tricky that changes
completely environment including
blinkers for the first time the sand
a discovery
it can be a nice rebound detonator
psychological yet your fifth
favorite is the number 11 of lower east
side
before listening to your fabrice arguments
is archambault went to meet
from his own father mathieu offenstadt
we listen right now so see her
and that's a fact that I come
to acquire so I know it badly enough
one that has proven itself on psf
since he has already won on this track
here it has a handicap value that has
dropped a little so who if they seem
allows him to hold a chance
regular now I lack of hindsight
since the horse recently froze
time he has the number 13 outside he
showed a waiting race will come
to finish is a horse probably
follow in this category here you are
to say that he will be in the quinté d'ores and
already I can not tell you but he
should run honorably you have
spotted the chances of others
competitors he had made a small
little package where he had seen
competitors a little more dangerous it's
mine and a question mark
because I tell you once and after
that he runs for my colors
so I hope it will run well but I
think that in this brokerage no doubt
the horse of jean marie beguiled
gentleman who is a horse in my opinion
who may have the size of a force
like that more definitely than the
mine so we just listen to Mathieu
young stadium that besides evoking so
that his new resident has confirmed
that your your favorite to know so the
youth number 17 such but what is it
representative
he had been arrested for several months was
long but last year the truth of
values ​​very interesting and looks at his
performance it is very well placed
so he ran three times this year
I am waiting for progress and at its weight I
think it's one of the good ones to cider
of this race okay so a
test an open test and then some
choice you have speculative choices
I think that's the kind of hardship
in which we can take a little
more than very well we find ourselves all
for Sunday's quinté that will take place
always on the racecourse of
there everything and we wish you a good day
thank you francois thank you see you soon